#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
apimatic-core==0.2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   paypal-server-sdk
apimatic-core-interfaces==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   apimatic-core
    #   apimatic-requests-client-adapter
    #   paypal-server-sdk
apimatic-requests-client-adapter==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   paypal-server-sdk
app-store-notifications-v2-validator==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==25.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
babel==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   segment-analytics-python
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
cachecontrol==0.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   apimatic-requests-client-adapter
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   tox
celery[redis]==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   app-store-notifications-v2-validator
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
commercetools @ git+https://github.com/edx/commercetools-python-sdk.git@main
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   app-store-notifications-v2-validator
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   social-auth-core
currencies==2020.12.12
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-braze-client
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-filters
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-auth-backends==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-braze-client==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-braze-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-filters
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
google-api-core==2.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.171.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
google-auth==2.40.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
iso4217==1.13.20250512
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
jsonpickle==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   apimatic-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   apimatic-core
kombu==5.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   commercetools
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   commercetools
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cachecontrol
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openedx-filters==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
    #   marshmallow
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
paypal-server-sdk==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==11.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   app-store-notifications-v2-validator
    #   cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   app-store-notifications-v2-validator
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyopenssl==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   app-store-notifications-v2-validator
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httplib2
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   apimatic-core
    #   celery
    #   segment-analytics-python
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   commercetools
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   responses
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   apimatic-core
    #   apimatic-requests-client-adapter
    #   cachecontrol
    #   commercetools
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-braze-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   google-api-core
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   social-auth-core
    #   stripe
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   commercetools
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   commercetools
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.25.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
segment-analytics-python==2.3.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
stripe==12.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   pyopenssl
    #   stripe
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.31.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   commercetools
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   commercetools
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   commercetools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
