#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.15.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   redis
babel==2.12.1
    # via sphinx
billiard==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
bleach==6.0.0
    # via readme-renderer
celery[redis]==5.3.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
django==3.2.21
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-filters
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
doc8==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==8.9.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-sphinx-theme==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
kombu==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
mysqlclient==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openedx-filters==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.17.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==7.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   edx-drf-extensions
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
readme-renderer==41.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
social-auth-app-django==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-applehelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-devhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-qthelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.9
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   doc8
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
