#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
apimatic-core==0.2.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   paypal-server-sdk
apimatic-core-interfaces==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apimatic-core
    #   apimatic-requests-client-adapter
    #   paypal-server-sdk
apimatic-requests-client-adapter==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   paypal-server-sdk
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.3.10
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==25.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   segment-analytics-python
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
cachecontrol==0.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apimatic-requests-client-adapter
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via tox
celery[redis]==5.5.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
commercetools @ git+https://github.com/edx/commercetools-python-sdk.git@main
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
currencies==2020.12.12
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-braze-client
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-filters
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-auth-backends==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-braze-client==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-braze-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-filters
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
jsonpickle==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apimatic-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apimatic-core
kombu==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commercetools
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commercetools
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cachecontrol
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==10.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openedx-filters==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
paypal-server-sdk==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==11.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.7
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.9.0
    # via tox
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apimatic-core
    #   celery
    #   segment-analytics-python
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commercetools
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   responses
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   apimatic-core
    #   apimatic-requests-client-adapter
    #   cachecontrol
    #   commercetools
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-braze-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   social-auth-core
    #   stripe
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commercetools
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commercetools
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.25.7
    # via -r requirements/test.in
segment-analytics-python==2.3.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
stripe==12.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
tox==4.25.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   stripe
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.31.2
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commercetools
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commercetools
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commercetools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
